Note about IP address (#3138)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/server-migration-suma.adoc

mgradm migrate podman <source.fqdn>
----

[IMPORTANT]
====

> After successfully running the [command]``mgradm migrate` command, the Salt setup on all minions will still point to the old server. To redirect them to the new server, it is required to use the same FQDN and IP address for the new server as the old one.

Reviewer: I would say change DHCP and DNS to assign the FQDN and IP address of the 4.3 server to the newly migrated 5.0 server.

Reviewer 2: Sounds sensible.  I'll add this somehow as an additional sentence.

> After successfully running the [command]``mgradm migrate` command, the Salt setup on all minions will still point to the old server. To redirect them to the new server, it is required to use the same FQDN and IP address for the new server as the old one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After successfully running the [command]``mgradm migrate`` command, the {salt} setup on all clients will still point to the old server (source server).
To redirect them to the new server (destination server), it is required to use the same FQDN and IP address for the new server as the old one.
```

Reviewer 3: what is a source server ?

important is that it's the 4.3 server

Reviewer 3: same domain name
